when I go to high school and talk to students in high school about careers
of one kind or another one of the things that comes up frequently
from the students who are doing poorly is I don't have to get good
grades I'm gonna go in the military they're gonna give me a lifelong
shoot people and I'm really athletic so I can do that real well the
fact of the matter is in this country the military will not let you
in list if you're in the bottom fifteen percent of intellect they
will give you a test that's basically an IQ test if your IQ is below
IQ eighty five fifteen percent of the population have accused Khloe
five they basically will not let you must and of course somebody always
says well I knew a guy once in back and we're we're Tuesday but
that's the rule today and it's pretty Stricklin fours now if you're
a little above that like it eighty five die Cuba ninety five you can
list only if you did very very well in high school and had excellent
grades in high school that show that even though you're a very smart
you're very disciplined and you worked hard they will but if you
didn't do very well in high school and your scores her in that low
area that is eighty five to ninety five you're still below average
they're not supposed to let you list again and receptions you know I
can't tell you for sure but that's the rule if your school above average
in intelligence bad record in high school may not keep you from
being able to enlist as long as you fetish if you didn't finish it
all then there always is that question what was wrong was a lack of
discipline which lack of effort they don't want people were gonna put
in the effort and I'm just not in the military he